# Privacy

## General

Our privacy policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide via the dataexchange.education website.

Updated: Monday, 25 July 2017

## Ways that we collect information

[ZiNET Data Solutions Limited](http://zinethq.com) gathers information relating to site usage. Any information gathered is primarily for internal use to allow us to refine and improve our customer service.

### Cookies

A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer, mobile phone or tablet when you visit a website. It's stored within your website browser, and then subsequently sent back to the same website by your browser. The cookie helps the website to recognise your specific browser and computer when you return.

| Cookie | Usage |
| --- | --- |
| `XSRF-TOKEN` | Token generated for the session to prevent [Cross-site request forgery](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery). |
| `dataexchange_cookie_consent` | A cookie that indicates if you have accepted the notice that the site uses cookies (has a value of 0 or 1) |
| `dataexchange_production_session` | The ID of your current session on dataexchange.education  |
| `spark_token` | Used for authentication on dataechange.education. |
| `__stripe_mid` | Session cookie for [Stripe](https://stripe.com/gb), persists for 1 year, a secure online payment gateway |
| `__stripe_sid` | Session cookie for [Stripe](https://stripe.com/gb), persists for 30 minutes, a secure online payment gateway |
| `_ga` | Google Analytics, persists for 2 years, used to distinguish users for the purpose of site metrics. |
| `_gid` | Google Analytics, persists for 24 hours, used to distinguish users for the purpose of site metrics. |
| `_gat` | Google Analytics, persists for 1 minute, used to throttle request rates. |

#### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. __You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser__, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. __By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above__.

[Opt out of Google Analytics](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en)